hey youtube this is little be ripping
I'm going to be doing a tutorial for
this game called Alice's dead chapter 14
Cameron which is the RS daily and you
can get a badge if you're on kongregate
called a very important veg and it's a
hard badge but it's like really easy to
get I'll just show you how yeah if you
can't hear him I'm on the phone with RS
daily right now at first it just shows
like The Who am I and all that okay now
click on all these bones and stuff
beside Alice and click on that thing in
her pocket this is killed a rabbit now
you press on the arrow to the right and
the music on that game is really
annoying and after that well I'm just
basically trying to do whatever I just
picked up a card from a crack right over
here and now after that you use a think
I haven't done in a while think you use
the stick that you got off of the shovel
the broken shovel and use it with the
bone or maybe not no it's the rock in
the bone all right now you click on the
blue door and you click on the key lock
with the sharpened bone says you hear
something unlock and go over here to the
chest room where the broken shovel on
the rock on the ground where then you
got you open the chest and go through
and you see this tree filled with acid
and you get the drink me cup and fill it
up with acid hmm excuse me okay now use
the five of hearts on the key slot says
bingo but nothing really happened yet
first okay you see this caterpillar
thing giant caterpillar well I you get
the broken shovel stick thing you use it
on the tree sap then you use it on the
bone no wait what do you use it with I
don't even remember hmm
wait ya know just can't find where to
put this one that I use it oh yeah now I
know what to do you use the asset on the
caterpillar and you get the shiny glass
bottle thing half a bottle use the tree
sap on this the broken bottle and it
says you made a spear you use the spear
on the caterpillar it'll die then just
pick up the key and the bill and you get
a mirror you see right here and this is
where it gets kind of complicated you
can go ahead and use the key on the key
slot but it shows a briefcase I don't
remember the code so i'll show you how
to get the code ok first you start here
you use the mirror click on the mirror
then you see it shows some secret
writing on the wall you go you write
down these numbers eight since it shows
it right there no wait wait i don't know
if it is or not it's either 8 or this
one over here somewhere I only think
there is one over here anymore nope
alright so you write down eight then two
then 92
zero then three okay so after you're
done doing that you can go back to the
chest room and you go over here you
click on the suitcase eight dang it I
just forgot the code 8 to 9 203 all
right then it shows you opening the
suitcase it has like this little
cutscene or it has a mirror in it and
notice remember there's a paper that
says kill the rabbit and what do you
know I am the rabbit boom boom and
someone in Wonderland wants me dead it's
pretty crazy alright thanks for watching
this tutorial from little vias riffin
and I will talk to you guys later